Forgejo customization docs (#147)
vshn/appcat-user-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/vshn-managed/forgejo/create.adoc

      adminEmail: "admin@mydomain.com" <3>
      fqdn:
        - "forgejo.mydomain.com" <3>
      forgejoSettings: <4>
        APP_NAME: ""
        config:
          actions: {}
          openid: {}
          service: {}
          service.explore: {}
          mailer: {}
      version: "10.0.0" <5>
  writeConnectionSecretToRef:
    name: forgejo-creds <6>
----
<1> Instance name
<2> The namespace where the object will be created
<3> Your full qualified domain name
<4> Define select `app.ini` settings, refer to the link:https://forgejo.org/docs/latest/admin/config-cheat-sheet/[config cheat sheet] to see available fields
<5> Forgejo version - link:https://products.vshn.ch/appcat/forgejo.html#_supported_versions[Supported Versions]
<6> The name of the secret where the connection details will be stored, it must be unique per namespace

WARNING: The **first** domain you define in `.spec.parameters.service.fqdn` will also be set as `server.DOMAIN` in Forgejos `app.ini` and therefore influences Forgejos root URL.  +

> This is relevant for stuff like webhook notifications, OAuth etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is applicable to things like webhook notifications, OAuth, and similar functionalities.
```
